Welcome to the new SirHurt Web release! This is a quick text tutorial written to 
help out anyone who's having troubles figuring out how the app works.

Notice:
SirHurt was created as a Lua Execution Utility built as a universal debugging/sandboxing tool to 
allow game or script developers to debug or find vulnerabilities inside of there games or scripts. 
Our software is provided "as is" and we are not responsible for any misuse of our execution services. 
The buyer agrees to take full responsibility for all misuse or abuse of our software and relinquishes 
the seller of all responsibility caused by the buyers/clients actions through the use of our software.


Included files & short descriptions:
sirhurt.dll - our main client dll
sirhurt.exe - our main client injector
SirHurt v5.exe - our main UI (this is what you'll use to execute scripts and inject)
bootstrapper.exe - a tool that updates all of the above files with the latest versions on our webhost.
VMProtectSDK64.dll - A dependency needed for our injector.

Instructions:

1. Extract all the files inside of "SirHurt V5.rar" into one single directory on your computer. We reccomend
extracting these files into a directory with a random name. We do not reccomend extracting these files to a
directory called "SirHurt".

2. You can open the bootstrapper if you wish to verify you're running on the latest files.

3. Open "SirHurt V5.exe" -> you will be prompted with a quick notice that you have to agree to continue. Press
"Yes" to this agreement after you have read it & understand.

4. The UI should now be visible to you and may ask you if you wish to download the latest release of SirHurt.
You may notice that the executeable gives itself a random name after you open it; this is intentional for
security to make it a bit harder to track the process by a consistant name.

5. To begin using the executor make sure you join a ROBLOX game on the web client and press the button
that says "Attach" on our interface to attach SirHurt to ROBLOX. You should see a black console pop up
after hitting Attach which should say the words "SirHurt V5 has been injected. Closing in 5 seconds.."
before it closes by itself after 5 seconds of being visible. Give SirHurt about 7-8 seconds before attempting
to execute a script. When you are attaching SirHurt for the first time you should see a login window open up
on the ROBLOX client asking you to input your SirHurt Username & password. Please fill out these boxes and
login using a sirhurt account with a valid lifetime or subscription lisence otherwise 
you will not be able to execute scripts. After logging in SirHurt should be ready for script execution about 7-10 seconds later.

6. To execute a script you can either type or paste a script into the big white box that allows you to type in.
You can also optionally press the little yellow folder icon which will prompt you to open a LUA or text file
containing a script you wish to open in the interface. After you enter the script you want to load press the
button that says "EXECUTE SCRIPT" on the interface and it should execute into the game.

Note:
If SirHurt is not executing a script after you press execute script please wait a total of about 30 seconds to
a minute after you press attach to verify it has enough time to initlize and load everything needed to run scripts
in the game. If a minute passes and SirHurt still fails to execute anything, including a simple script such as
print("hello") (which can be seen after you press F9 in game) then injection may of failed. You can see if there's
any information inside of our debug log which may assist either you or staff assisting you with what your problem
may be. To open the debug log SirHurt makes press the button called "Open Debug Log" which should then open a text
file that has contents written in it. The very last line on this file will be the last thing SirHurt got to before
it either crashed or failed at something. If pressing "Open Debug Log" fails to open a text file you can also
press 'Open Debug Folder' on the interface which should open a directory after you click it. The file you want in this
folder is called 'sirh_debug_log.dat' (this is our debug log). If you open a ticket on our website or contact one
of our support reps through our discord server please be sure to provide this file in your ticket or DM's so we can
better understand where the problem is occuring and how we may approach fixing it for you.